"To set up the latest AEM as a Cloud Service Forms add-on package, follow these steps:

Download and Unzip the Package:
Visit the Adobe Software Distribution Platform and download the latest AEM Forms add-on package in .far format. Unzip the downloaded file to extract its contents.

Prepare the Installation Directory:
Navigate to your AEM SDK quickstart directory. Create a new folder named install if it doesn't already exist.

bash
Copy code
cd /path/to/aem-sdk/quickstart
mkdir install
Move the Package:
Copy or move the extracted .far file into the newly created install folder.

bash
Copy code
cp /path/to/downloaded/forms-addon-package.far /path/to/aem-sdk/quickstart/install/
Start AEM Instances:
Launch your AEM instances using the appropriate command for your environment. Typically, this involves executing the AEM jar file.

bash
Copy code
java -jar aem-sdk-quickstart.jar
..........................
Prerequisites
Running AEM Author and Publisher Instances: Ensure both your AEM Author and Publisher instances are up and running.
Network Connectivity: Ensure network connectivity between the Author and Publisher instances.
Steps to Set Up Replication
Log in to the Author Instance:

Open your browser and navigate to the AEM Author instance (e.g., http://localhost:4502).
Log in with administrative credentials.
Access the Replication Configuration:

Go to the Tools menu.
Navigate to Deployment and then Replication.
Click on Agents on author.
Create a New Replication Agent:

Click on New... to create a new replication agent.
Fill in the details for your replication agent:
Title: Enter a name for the replication agent (e.g., "Publish Replication").
Name: This will be automatically generated based on the title.
Click Next.
Configure the Replication Agent:

In the configuration screen, fill in the following details:
Enabled: Check this box to enable the replication agent.
Serialization Type: Select "Default".
Transport URI: Enter the URL of your Publisher instance (e.g., http://localhost:4503/bin/receive).
Transport User: Enter the user credentials for the Publisher instance (typically admin).
Transport Password: Enter the password for the Publisher instance user.
Save and Test the Configuration:

Click OK to save the replication agent.
Test the replication agent by selecting it from the list and clicking Test Connection. Ensure that the connection is successful.
Verify Replication:

On the Author instance, go to the Sites console and select a page to replicate.
From the page options, select Manage Publication and then Activate Page.
Confirm that the page has been replicated to the Publisher instance by checking the Publisher instance (e.g., http://localhost:4503/content/path/to/page).
Additional Configuration (Optional)
Reverse Replication: If you need to set up reverse replication (from Publisher to Author), you can create a similar agent on the Publisher instance to replicate content back to the Author instance.
SSL Configuration: If your instances communicate over HTTPS, ensure the SSL configuration is correctly set up on both instances.
Firewall and Security Settings: Make sure the necessary ports are open and any firewall settings allow communication between the Author and Publisher instances.
Example Configuration Screen
Title: Publish Replication
Enabled: Checked
Serialization Type: Default
Transport URI: http://localhost:4503/bin/receive
Transport User: admin
Transport Password: (your password)
